CVS-75036 Layout documentation update matching 22.1 changes (#1108)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/shape_batch_size_and_layout.md

# Batch Processing in OpenVINO&trade; Model Server

> - `batch_size` parameter is optional. By default, is the batch size is derived from the model. It is set by the model optimizer tool.

Reviewer: the batch size is derived from the model

will get an error. The model server will also report such problem in the logs.

# Changing model input/output layout

> OpenVINO™ models can be exported to IR format with arbitrary input/output layout using Model Optimizer. Models which process image data are usually exported with NCHW or NHWC layout. Image transformation libraries like OpenCV or Pillow use NHWC layout. To minimize amount of overhead caused by transposition operation, it is suggested to export your model with NHWC layout.

Reviewer 2: the layout can't be arbitrary. I would explain that starting from 2022.1, model optimizer by default preserve the layout of the original model. While the model had NWHC layout it will be preserved by default. Model optimizer can also export the model with additional transposition layout so to change to layout it needed.
Beside of that, the model sever can also change the model layout in runtime using --layout parameter.

Author: I would not recommend stating that by default model optimizer preserves layout of original model. This is plugin specific. Forwarded you an email from Ilya stating that they do not guarantee that.

From e-mail:
> Output<Node> contains information about tensor names, element type and shape and rt_info contains info about layout if it was specified by user via MO or runtime API. But cannot guarantee that all plugins restore layout information to the port after import_model

Author: The layout can be set to arbitrary, meaning not only NHWC or NHWC but any kind of layout combined with `N/C/H/W/D/?/...`.

`--layout` parameter is described below

In case this is not possible, or you already have model with NCHW layout and are not willing to re-export it, OpenVINO™ Model Server allows changing input/output layout at runtime with `--layout` parameter via CLI or `config.json`. Please note that it modifies the model by adding transposition operations as pre-processing step.

Layout parameter is optional. By default layout is inherited from OpenVINO™ model. You can also use this parameter for ONNX models. In case no layout was specified during model export, default layout is `N...` which means that there is only one known dimension which is batch (`N`) and it is on first position.

> Layout change is supported for variety of combinations with `N`, `C`, `H`, `W`, `D`, `?` and letter `...` combinations. Each dimension can appear only once. The exception is `?` which can appear multiple times meaning that there is unknown dimension on given position.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Layout change is supported for variety of combinations accepting following characters: `N`, `C`, `H`, `W`, `D`, `?`, `...`. Each dimension can appear only once. The exception is `?` which can appear multiple times meaning that there is unknown dimension on given position. `...` means that there is unknown number of dimensions in between.
```

Reviewer 3: But maybe it should be `means that there is unknown number of dimensions at given position.`

Examples:
- `NHW` - means there are 3 dimensions: _batch_, _height_ and _width_.
- `N??C` - means there are 4 dimensions: first being _batch_, 4th being the _channels_ and 2 unknown dimensions on second and third position
- `NC...W` - means there are undefined amount of dimensions: first being _batch_, second being the _channels_ and the last dimension is _width_.

You can specify 2 forms of values:
  * string - e.g. `NCHW` (which expands to `NCHW:NCHW`) or `NHWC:NCHW`; applicable only for models with single input tensor
  * dictionary of strings - e.g. `{"input1":"NHWC:NCHW", "input2":"NHWC:NCHW", "output1":"CN:NC"}`; allows to specify layout for multiple inputs and outputs by name.

> The `LAYOUT_A:LAYOUT_B` notation means `[A=input data layout : B=expected layout by model]`. If both layouts are different, OpenVINO™ takes care of applying additional transposition step.

Reviewer 2: in the model optimizer documentation it is described as target layout and source layout. It might be better from layout_a and layout_b

Author: In the same sentence I specify that A=input data layout and B=expected layout by model which describe the setting even more than target/source words

will get an error. The model server will also report such problem in the logs.

# Changing model input/output layout

> Starting from 2022.1, Model Optimizer by default preserves the layout of original model. If the model accepted NHWC layout before conversion to IR format, it will preserved after conversion. Model Optimizer can also be used to add transposition step to change the layout to desired one. Models which process image data are usually exported with NCHW or NHWC layout. Image transformation libraries like OpenCV or Pillow use NHWC layout. To minimize amount of overhead caused by transposition operation, it is suggested to export your model with NHWC layout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from 2022.1, Model Optimizer by default preserves the layout of original model. If the model uses NHWC layout before conversion to IR format, it will be preserved after conversion. Model Optimizer can also be used to add transposition step to change the layout to desired one. Models which process image data are usually exported with NCHW or NHWC layout. Image transformation libraries like OpenCV or Pillow use NHWC layout. To minimize amount of overhead caused by transposition operation, it is suggested to export your model with NHWC layout.
```

In case you already have model with NCHW layout and are not willing to re-export it, OpenVINO™ Model Server allows changing input/output layout at runtime with `--layout` parameter via CLI or `config.json`. Please note that it modifies the model by adding transposition operations as pre-processing step.

> Layout parameter is optional. By default layout is inherited from OpenVINO™ model. You can also use this parameter for ONNX models. In case no layout was specified during model export phase, the default layout OpenVINO™ Model Server sets is `N...`. This means that there is only one known dimension which is batch (`N`) and it is on first position.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Layout parameter is optional. By default layout is inherited from OpenVINO™ model. You can use this parameter to adjust models both in ONNX and Intermediate Representation format. In case no layout was specified during model export phase, the default layout OpenVINO™ Model Server sets is `N...`. This means, there is known only the first dimension - the batch (`N`).
```
